# Hello world connector

Here is the traditional hello world code, but for a connector!

@[Hello konnector!]({ "stubs": ["hello.js", "konnector-dev-config.json"], "command": "node_modules/.bin/cozy-konnector-standalone hello.js" })

If you run it, you will see the hello world message in the standard output as a JSON string. The
cozy stack can interpret those messages and this will be useful later.

If you want to run this connector outside tech.io, this is not hard either provided you have NodeJS 6 or better installed :

Create a directory, then run :

```sh
npm init
npm install cozy-konnector-libs
```

Create an `index.js` file in this directory and put the code of the connector in it.

Then run :

```sh
node_modules/.bin/cozy-konnector-standalone
```

Your hello world konnector should work!

## BaseKonnector ( fetch, options )

This connector does not do much, but it is the occasion to learn about the features of the
BaseKonnector:

- Every connector must inherit from the `BaseKonnector`
- It fetches the information about the linked account in the cozy (or in `./konnector-dev-config.json` in standalone mode)
- It calls the function passed as argument in its constructor with an object argument containing
  all the parameters for the connector (none is needed this time) after doing all the previous steps
  and waits for a promise as a return value

You can change the `fields` value in `konnector-dev-config.json` and see that it is passed as first argument in the init function.

## log ( type, message, label )

- `type`: Can be `info`, `error`, `warning` or `debug`. There is a color associated to each type.

- `message` is the item we want to log and can be of any type which can be JSON.stringified.

- `label` is optional and must be a string

* In `production`, messages are outputted in JSON. The `cozy-stack` can interpret certain logs to show information to the user while the konnector fetches data
* In `development`/`standalone`, it outputs colored text 🌸
