# Save the cats!

Now lets do something better for the world, we will save the best kitten in the world... At least
kitten pictures!
This connector will fetch the 10 best kitten pictures directly in the current directory.

@[Save the cats!]({ "stubs": ["cats.js"], "command": "node_modules/.bin/cozy-konnector-standalone cats.js" })

Try to change the code to save some other kind of pictures.

## saveFiles ( files\[\], folderPath, options? )

The goal of this function is to save the given files in the given folder via the Cozy API.

- `files` is an array of `{ fileurl, filename }` :

  + fileurl: The url of the file. This attribute is mandatory or
    this item will be ignored
  + filename : The file name of the item written on disk. This attribute is optional and as default value, the
    file name will be "smartly" guessed by the function. Use this attribute if the guess is not smart
  enough for you.

- `folderPath` (string) is relative to the main path given by the `cozy-collect` application to the connector. If the connector is run
in standalone mode, the main path is the path of the connector.

- `options` (object) is optional. Possible options :

  + `timeout` (timestamp) can be used if your connector
  needs to fetch a lot of files and if the the stack does not give enough time to your connector to
  fetch it all. It could happen that the connector is stopped right in the middle of the download of
  the file and the file will be broken. With the `timeout` option, the `saveFiles` function will check
  if the timeout has passed right after downloading each file and then will be sure to be stopped
  cleanly if the timeout is not too long. And since it is really fast to check that a file has
  already been downloaded, on the next run of the connector, it will be able to download some more
  files, and so on. If you want the timeout to be in 10s, do `Date.now() + 10*1000`. You can try it in the previous code.

## A final exercise

You can set the search keyword as a parameter to the connector. Just set it as "keyword" in the
konnector-dev-config.json file, fetch it and use it in the connector. The connector will be ready
to be added to the list of cozy connectors as "Qwant Images" for example!
